# Contributing
## How to Add a Wiki Page
1. To add a new page, go to https://github.com/maideniles/maideniles.github.io/tree/master/mods/maidensmarvelousmaterials/wiki/pages and then create a new .txt file. you can name it whatever makes sense, but only uses [a-zA-Z0-9_-]. You can also add a new folder if none of the existing ones work, just make sure it follows the same naming conventions. There are a couple things you should avoid though, don't create a folder (referred to as category within the code) called special that is reserved for hardcoded things like special:random. the entry/file called index holds special meaning and is treated as the home page of that category (more on this later).
2. Once you add any content to the file and git commit+git push, the page exists and can be found at https://maideniles.github.io/mods/maidensmarvelousmaterials/wiki/?&lt;category&gt;:&lt;entry&gt; (Note that you may need to wait a few minutes for things to refresh)
3. Although the page exists, at this point it is unlisted. The wiki doesn't know about it and there are no links to it. To make it show up in the header navigation (NYI) or the list of articles at the bottom, you must list the page in https://maideniles.github.io/mods/maidensmarvelousmaterials/wiki/pages/pages.txt This file contains all the listed wiki pages (excluding those in special).
The file syntax is as follows:  
+ Entries are defined as &lt;category&gt;:&lt;entry&gt;;<Clean Name> each on their own line where category and entry are exactly as in the file path and Clean Name is any UTF-8 string that will be shown instead of the internal page name. Unlike the title attribute in the article source (more on this later), the Clean Name cannot contain any SHML (although HTML is valid if really need).
+ Empty lines and those starting with // (So single line Java  style comments) are ignored.  
The Clean Name property of a index entry is used instead of that entry's category's internal name when needed.
4. The file is now listed and will show up in its category in navigation (plus, listing is will be required for the in game book). To add content to the page, look at https://github.com/SteveBeeblebrox/SHML for the syntax. Additional syntax to support special things like crafting may be added later. Special properties include title (This is the title that appears on the page and unlike Clean Name, it may contain SHML & HTML), revised (A string to display for the date this page was last edited, preferably in some consistent format of your choice. This may become more important for the in game wiki if we need to invalidate caches), and picture (The name of a picture (including the extension) to display in the header of the wiki page that may also be referenced elsewhere in the future. Pictures should be placed in https://github.com/maideniles/maideniles.github.io/tree/master/mods/maidensmarvelousmaterials/wiki/images?). To reference another wiki article, the url should be  just "?&lt;category&gt;:&lt;entry&gt;". As a convention, have links within he wiki open in the same tab and links to outside the wiki open in a new tab.
5. I would recommend against using custom CSS inside of the markup as it will not be supported in the game and will lead to inconsistent looking articles. All styling of wiki pages should be done globally in the main wiki file.
